https://youtu.be/wHpFwdolFXc - yanis vocalise
https://youtu.be/t8sN5jL7TPU - wtf cav
https://youtu.be/8AGnxVHMPjk - slap the head
https://youtu.be/naVudwK3uR0 - ash bondit
https://youtu.be/VoHh7RcJ-xE - youhou, yanis lag
https://youtu.be/UoltlqeYh8k - salut jäger :)
https://youtu.be/1aDIuXN-ZVc - 360 spawnrush
https://youtu.be/tOteONk1kTw - yanis, pouuusssse toiiii
https://youtu.be/tT456P_bOIo - collate far cry
https://youtu.be/CQQ_TI9tGqQ - 1v3 lord chanka
https://youtu.be/0GGhz0v9KN8 - random oof
https://youtu.be/5bU7Q5_mtxw - 360 one tap
https://youtu.be/46E35sGXkSc - travers karma
https://youtu.be/2ctVC1qHxsE - one smoke
https://youtu.be/jm2fnuQSe-c - choke
https://youtu.be/yR34Xx0pC1o - mira save kill lesion
https://youtu.be/YZHNOY8lI9Y - cri arthur
https://youtu.be/mpVPbWeoOys - arthur meurt
https://youtu.be/DeOOAxj-I5c - pan pan cucul
https://youtu.be/hdP3wCSzpkY - wouhouuuuuuuu
https://youtu.be/KUK4Byh_WJM - piou piou piou
https://youtu.be/v2wCStNRc74 - oh pu...
https://youtu.be/2NaCgyeq8v0 - ptdr
https://youtu.be/mmjYnQNN_oQ - bosg acog
https://youtu.be/aZtyQnl1QJM - far cry compil
https://youtu.be/z1T3g8P1-I8 - detourage de tete
https://youtu.be/B1H2a7mmbqI
https://youtu.be/VKIWFqCMD8s - big brain
https://youtu.be/a_HS-7AgeXo - mira headshot and laugh
https://youtu.be/DAVc5VuXEYA - retake master
https://youtu.be/CTnAAx8QA2o - one
https://youtu.be/UbAKeLBq8og - famoso random
https://youtu.be/Xm5m5_3XDvc - frost down
https://youtu.be/t7YOwSAl7G4 - bye smoke
https://youtu.be/g43Ge-g7wdA - ying push
https://youtu.be/ypVOowpYJjk - ying push 2
https://youtu.be/T6v66joN4rg - arthur one
https://youtu.be/Y86VQQpn3zU - compil confinement NozZy
https://youtu.be/GRPy4fZ-j2g - clip du confinement skiep
https://youtu.be/0FwUJEnDW0Y - doc main
https://youtu.be/zGFpvBRDf5o - double anti-spawnkill
https://youtu.be/h3m6zor7rmu - cut iana
https://youtu.be/NGGNLTl8MD8 - knee shot
https://youtu.be/poPpW-htgYE - doc 3k (en vrai c'est une ace)
https://youtu.be/x3wJCkX1Tug - random travers
https://youtu.be/7qKLuKuwmqU - sledge
https://youtu.be/yzS9GPq9ktI - 4k oryx
https://youtu.be/MHRYiHvdZl4 - 3k rush sledge
https://youtu.be/WDA5b09_C5A - ying = tableau
https://youtu.be/RRmXrkVjt64 - rire diabolique arthur
https://youtu.be/LOE24VJN8FQ - 4k valk et preshoot
https://youtu.be/APz6OecBY6Q - one tap iq
https://youtu.be/jJmwL_EqvOQ - -2 zofia
https://youtu.be/jjmwl_eqvoq - rire diabolique arthur
https://youtu.be/0yej3Ea_rrk - c'est mon garage.
https://youtu.be/kkoR_kK1_es - la piiiiiiiiiiiiiireeeeeeeeeeeeeeee cav
https://youtu.be/jF-Teqit53E - -3 valk
https://youtu.be/CE0wGyL47dk - anti spawnk
https://youtu.be/98SbNz_5qtE - retake iana 3k
https://youtu.be/UXr_gD4Oyuk - double kill 30fps
https://youtu.be/bsUnazSrchU - 3k iq
https://youtu.be/hK5S_IZEvek - kill filtre
https://youtu.be/77ZKs0Svt1A - wallbang hibana
https://youtu.be/8hPbcMqW0e4 - ace casu lel
https://youtu.be/DCOALmkgBVs - clutch zofia 1v3
https://youtu.be/ZG-S3jv-uX4 - Alien Isolation #1
https://youtu.be/pz8mTHKsIBc - double kill woaw
https://youtu.be/U4qm8q47wWI - Alien Isolation #1 - NozZy
https://youtu.be/Ow7i2nflfEg - Alien Isolation #2 - NozZy
https://youtu.be/t62GQYgPGjk - Alien Isolation #3 - NozZy
https://youtu.be/HxTcP_UjWKo - Alien Isolation #5 - NozZy
https://youtu.be/qp72RkxpJLg - C'EST MON POINT !!!
https://youtu.be/5sohXwctSXA - NEW THERMITE ???
https://youtu.be/yHUkTiqBlHg - clutch arthur
https://youtu.be/ef10NypwslI - *left the game*
https://youtu.be/8LJ6YzIb5Ig - ShP
https://youtu.be/K-I8B6-gb90 - Doc, my love <3
https://youtu.be/yM37N8biQq0 - Crab Dance
https://youtu.be/Wzzw7aa9Tts - Random arrow Kill
https://youtu.be/19zFBCppyng - Valo 4k
https://youtu.be/-PyAyC4zZbc - 3k sledge + marteau
https://youtu.be/cDI_M1t6rKA - Gridlock �cras�e par plus lourd qu'elle
https://youtu.be/jCFlHYFzQtY - mon cri plus que mes kills
https://youtu.be/x4OF0vhRFms - sister fight
https://youtu.be/pie_zo6QaG0 - les flicks chanceux sur R6
https://youtu.be/yMLeY6ir5tU - Rip & Siege
https://youtu.be/VOGLDLcKpzk - Best C4
https://youtu.be/9aLzJijKtao - bad timing
https://youtu.be/BAgMeCGK3nE - begayance
https://youtu.be/oKMZW7Oofv8 - The travers
https://youtu.be/zmtpyrtzwwu - un banshee et un c4
https://youtu.be/i5imfx4bhq8 - nevr bot
https://youtu.be/azlw9uzg2us - tk de terrorist
https://youtu.be/9gczsxnbisw - cav hunt
https://youtu.be/bs9nekq8954 - grenadelesion jager xd ptdrrrr ok.
https://youtu.be/7v8fes4ywiq - one
https://youtu.be/dmgqdrfyooo - nøkk grenade montagne
https://youtu.be/ig3s-oyip8u - ok amaru
https://youtu.be/qdd7giqsgo4 - travers esca
https://youtu.be/btszabwowvs - flick kali
https://youtu.be/c9orb4ikhta - tk de terrorist
https://youtu.be/yzm6rwgaqsm - ze décal
https://youtu.be/mvhnjni_cdc - mais le cuuuuut
